Job runs are configured from 2 files:

1. config.yaml
	This is all of the system wide all jobs perspective and contains information that is common for all job cards

2. jobcard.yaml (Filename can be anything; the edgeid is inside the file; but the nameing convention is the edgeid)
	This contains all of the information for each jobcard
	It is broken into 4 sections:
	
		1. Clip Information
		2. Products & Components (Control)
		3. Components
		4. Products	
		
3. Templates:
	Template contain information related to text file creation.
	description_txt: template is for the product
	compliance_txt: template is for the compliance trailer
	clips4sale_txt: template is for the product clips for sale
		Each product can use a template. This is for the purpose of data entry in that venue.
		

4. Clip Information

	Notes: Star2 is a key; it is only used if there is a co-star.
		If you use Star2; you will need to have an appropriate template file.
		
		
5. Products and Components
	In this section you select which product will be created and which components will be created.
	If there is a product; or a component set as a key; then there must be a corresponding section in components and products.
	For instance; if there is a component "photoset1: ignore" there must be a component photoset. 
	
	Products have the valid key: produce, exsits, or ignore 
	Components have the valid key: produce, validate, exists, or ignore
	
	
6. Components

Support for unlimited number of videos (information video[nnn])
Must have entry in products and components control section.
Video is self contained; so if there is a request for watermark (on video) it will be just for that video
Capures configuration is set in the captures section and allows for thumbnails on the images.
Use name: for path here; we do not use the out_dir setting; if it is set it will be appended for all videos.

video1: 
     src: PATHNAME
     capture: true or false
     watermark: true or false
     size_width: 1920
     size_height: 1080
     size_kbps: 6000
     name: GMCZ0023_VID [Path name for video]
     module: processvideo
     ext: .mp4
     
     
     	
	
		